---
layout: post
title: "Group 7/17  |  85 messages"
date: 2023-08-21
excerpt: "[Tyler] Please do!"
categories:
  - family
  - travel
tags:
  - whatsapp
  - barcelona
---

**Tyler:** Please do!

**Tyler:** Ohhh thanks dad!

**Tyler:** Dude I heard chrisje this morning play that audio and I thought it was me doing the impression 😆 you nailed it!

**Chloe:** I showed Johannes the picture of me and Luke and we like “oh he looks very good”

**Chloe:** He was like ***

**Chloe:** And then I showed him another picture and he’s like “yeah not to be weird but he is looking very good”

**Tyler:** Careful stoey, I think lil jojo might be pursuing lubu

**Chloe:** Back in Germany with skatepark

**Tyler:** He has a major skatepark

**Tyler:** But...

**Chloe:** Jojo is looking at Instagram

**Luke:** He is Chinese

**Sophia:** Lol!!

**Tyler:** Does he have a sloped forehead?

**Chloe:** Hmmm

**Chloe:** I’d say it’s a downward slope

**Sophia:** I like his bracelet

**Tyler:** Btw chrisje, I'm gonna be done with my tour at 6pm sharp

**Tyler:** Let's get groceries tonight

**Chloe:** What do you think

**Tyler:** He has a similar phenotype to chrisje, but not a skatepark

**Tyler:** Both him and chrisje have  a similar eye shape

**Tyler:** And brow structure

**Chloe:** I love your skatepark

**Chloe:** Lmfaoooo

**Sophia:** Same

**Chloe:** can Johannes come for Christmas for two weeks ?

**Tyler:** YES PLEASE

**Tyler:** I need to tickle him

**Tyler:** Tell him we'll make Glühewein

**Luke:** That singer just went asaaaaaa

**Sophia:** What did he do??

**Sophia:** Is this in your neighborhood?

**Luke:** What does Tyler think of the music?

**Sophia:** Awwww, we missed it.

**Luke:** He went “lauhhhhhh”

**Tyler:** I thought it sounded more like "how about pizza shark?" "NAAAAUUUUUOOOO!!!!"

**Tyler:** That looks like Duke the engine from Thomas

**Sophia:** Only YOU could come up with that! 😂😂

**Tyler:** Right??? Even the mouth is identical

**Sophia:** It IS!

**Tyler:** It's a downward sloping hotdog shaped mouth

**Luke:** Like estabooby

**Tyler:** I'm gonna draw a picture of him rn

**Tyler:** Gimme 30 seconds

**Luke:** Tylayyer

**Sophia:** Is Chrisje laughing as hard as we are??

**Tyler:** Lmao yes!!!

**Tyler:** We both are

**Sophia:** Draw a pic of that baby!

**Paul:** BUBU - house?!

**Tyler:** 5his is what the baby looks like to me always

**Sophia:** You wanna call?

**Tyler:** Ahh I'm about to head to bed cuz it's late

**Tyler:** But gimme someone else to draw

**Tyler:** Also, let's call tomorrow when you're ready

**Luke:** For sure

**Tyler:** Awww damn I gotta do a redo

**Natalie:** Soooo accurate!! 😆😆

**Natalie:** Yes!

**Natalie:** @⁨Tyler⁩

**Natalie:** ❤️❤️❤️
