---
layout: post
title: "Group 6/17  |  106 messages"
date: 2023-08-20
excerpt: "[Tyler] Gonna head to the Castelldefels beach today with Gerrito"
categories:
  - family
  - travel
tags:
  - whatsapp
  - barcelona
---

**Tyler:** Gonna head to the Castelldefels beach today with Gerrito, Timo, Maria and Rodney

**Natalie:** I’m so jealous!!

**Natalie:** I wish I were with you guys

**Natalie:** I wanna move to Spain so badly

**Natalie:** Guys let’s all move back to Europe @⁨Luke Fisher⁩ @⁨Paul David Fisher⁩ @⁨Chloe⁩

**Natalie:** I woke up and wanted to cry cuz I can’t just walk and grab a bocadillo and cafe con leche

**Tyler:** I woke up and wanted to cry because you weren't here 😢

**Tyler:** I think we should do that

**Tyler:** Moving back to España

**Tyler:** And become olive farmers

**Tyler:** And be Joder Tios

**Natalie:** Literally looking at USA diplomatic jobs in Madrid today

**Natalie:** I could work at an embassy

**Natalie:** Do some kind of fucking international law

**Natalie:** Who cares

**Natalie:** Then I’d probably get all my loans forgiven too

**Tyler:** Exactly!

**Chloe:** I asked Johannes “Are you ok?”

**Chloe:** I wanna move to Europe

**Tyler:** Look at the decorations in our hood!

**Tyler:** Stranger Things themed

**Natalie:** Yup lol

**Natalie:** I can do basic Italian phrases

**Natalie:** Send some to me that you need to learn and I’ll help @⁨Chloe⁩

**Natalie:** video note omitted

**Natalie:** Fuck the USA

**Natalie:** I literally hate it here

**Paul:** scoreggi

**Paul:** Did you go to Capri?

**Sophia:** I’m in!

**Natalie:** I found ur phone!!!

**Sophia:** What?

**Natalie:** U

**Chloe:** I did go to
Capri

**Chloe:** It SUCKED

**Chloe:** I hate capri

**Natalie:** U found ur phone

**Chloe:** Soooo beautiful but only Gucci

**Chloe:** Like only high end stores there

**Chloe:** Annoying asf !!!

**Chloe:** Me and johanneeboo are gonna do long distance and he said he wants to come to Michigan for Christmas boo

**Sophia:** Nope. I ended up buying another one

**Natalie:** Omg

**Sophia:** This is not fair!! OMG!

**Natalie:** I’m so jealous!!!

**Sophia:** Omg! For a second I thought Chloe was saying this. How was the water?

**Sophia:** Awwww

**Chloe:** Never go to Italy

**Chloe:** I actually hate Italy

**Sophia:** Really?

**Chloe:** I hate the cities

**Chloe:** They’re all so dirty

**Chloe:** And the clean ones are ridiculously expensive

**Sophia:** Yeah?

**Chloe:** It’s so hot and the people there are actually retarded

**Sophia:** What about the Amalfi Coast?

**Chloe:** Like everyone here is retarded

**Chloe:** And the transportation NEVER works

**Chloe:** I’d only go to Italy again if I was JUST staying on the amalfi coast

**Chloe:** Most gorgeous place in the world

**Chloe:** Worst place to go to for walking around

**Chloe:** Just absolutely the worst

**Sophia:** My dream someday.

**Sophia:** Hotter than Barcelona?

**Chloe:** Yeah

**Chloe:** But the boat tour I had was absolutely the best part of my trip

**Natalie:** You should have gone to Rome

**Luke:** So what’s everyone doing??

**Tyler:** Hey man!

**Tyler:** So chrisje and I started watching Birdbox Barcelona in Netflix

**Tyler:** But I must admit it's quite creepy

**Tyler:** The cool thing is that you can see the city all over

**Tyler:** And you??

**Paul:** Doin’ these bad boys for din din:
https://www.food.com/recipe/bobby-flays-chicken-fajitas-457429

**Tyler:** Dayummm! Can you do those on the grill?

**Paul:** Yep! I’m doing mine in the broiler rn, but I’ll give you a report!

**Paul:** I updated your GitHub:
https://pauldavidfisher.github.io/Ty-Tours-Barcelona/
